EXPLORE  DISTANT  STARS  \/  4  +  4 
 

 

 

 

 

 
Yy  ey  PROSPECT  )  CLAIM  BUILD  XENOSYSTEMS 
 
Search  a youTube  o Ea  Home  ¥ This account has been terminated due to multiple or severe violations of YouTube  policy prohi  ing hate speec!  Trending  History  Get YouTube Premium  Get YouTube TY  BEST OF YOUTUBE  Ed Music  Ed one  EE caming  EE Movies  Eh Wshows  Ell News  EE ive  EE seotign  Ely 260° video  © Browse channels  ETBYouTube (20 ercmcensen =} [Locstore uted sarin ~ | [ pewrttea node or ~ | [X vwery | [© ta |  Sign in to like videos, comment,  About Press Copyright Creators Advertise Developers.  and gubscribe.  Terma Privacy Policy £ Sufvly Send feedback — Teat new feature  son | 
 
Google | paul joseph watson youtube channel  Q All  @ videos) News  B tmages  D Shopping  More  ‘Settings  Tools  About 10,400,000 resuits (0.67 seconds)  Paul Joseph Watson Spreads Fear. London is Not a ****** - YouTube  ‘ntips:/twwa youtube. commwatch?v=JENz0_9wOnl  Jul 9, 2019 - Uploaded by BastvViki  Paul Joseph Watson is wong. ... There are a number of American channels  that point out these same things  MY IMPRESSION- Paul Joseph Watson - YouTube  https: were. youtube. comwatctr2y-KhS69eyoGY +  dom 10, 2019 - Get tickets to my NEW LIVE SHOW hitps://waw facebook.conypgiriendiyjordies!  ‘events/ MAROOCHYDORE (JUN 19) TOOWOOMBA (JUN 20)  Alex Jones, Milo Yiannopoulos, Paul Joseph Watson and ... - YouTube  ttps:/trew. youtube. comwatchv=KiA4nQzma7E  dum 2, 2019 - Uploaded by Bulldog hfindset  ‘Alex Jones, Mido Yiannopovios, Paul Joseph Watson and Others  Tete  tc  speech’, THEN youll have to  Paul Joseph Watson - Wikipedia  hittps:/fen wikipedia orgwiki/Paul_Joseph_Watson +  Paul Joseph Watson is an English YouTube personality, racbo host, writer and conspiracy ... Since  2011, Watson has hosted his own YouTube channel, prisonplanetine, fom which he expresses his  ews on topics such as contemporary  Total views: 390 mition  Years active: 2011-present {as a YouTuber)  Residence: London, Engand Subscribers: 1.67 mition  When you search "paul joseph watson youtube channel" on Google it ...  {itips:stwwer reddit. comvr/.../cqhfk4fwhen_you_search_paui_joseph_watson_youtube/ +  2 days ago - This sub is dedicated to promoting ethics in journalism, and oppasing censorship and  poliical correctness.  Paul Joseph Watson - RationalWiki  https: /frationatwiki orgéwikPaul_Joseph_Watson >  ‘Aug 2, 2019 - Paul Joseph Watson (PJW or Pyjama Watso) is an at-ite English ... As of May 8,  2019, his YouTube channel has 1.6 milion subscribers and  Paul Joseph Watson - IMDb 
 
> YouTube  L  On  Dm Om  Devil tava?  Din Koppelema® @erartoppeiran -3h  Semoun, Toon Hague a ghnp 2 Uo af Une et hy wanewercotan u w the pan  Fuew on srewtime ®  ve of tpern.  2270 Fons  Ou  oz  Ox  en Regeet  ten Rappers ® Sexartroppeiran -3h  Creag  look hie mined povert prope mata 8 omg time Poe here  Chateenphoer ecto ®  ‘prowoggenpnic edence’ there 00 wey tht wat un  @creerncuarie  arg someone ile or hurt in Jo canbe at sino as fang Orem unerotacad,  ‘Ae angie ws peng somcene ouside he jo.  rie Keppeinen © Gerionieppdmen  Enon suicide, Sure Soma Hi Prabably what happened  i Ete fa nj cal ABC hey  Hay, fo, we're Ri wo, Ey it  Etim  ou  oe Om  Rrian Roppema  @bxariuppeiren 7  pats mute, Dora, Seanas iy. Probably what happened  ir. ek were amd nom: ao B.  ay Tria heard deed nj ol AC Ms,  Om am Om »  Drtan Koppelman ® @onertoppebnan - 5h  .  Sade  | woe xo ane 2 bot that beets the word “fewer fo ators WAC wmes the wer  Ta  ‘eee’ oven when thay here ut i correc.  Setardaytberning  prrins  On  ns  Om  ee  Mae eee  Dries Hoppeioma® @erirtioppairan + 3h  .  [akin evi te ral point oo mock Kid Rock’ ten. The guy has mace  Prine Anaieow  ‘tena aed rectean He's sae & bed parton of iow chester whald o eoggrar  Dal sae amie agate age  ec dress  and cenp,[-eont tobe scarab 1 Rot about ie work a about bis my  ee  Ineldee and ie parsendoed.  por  Jeffrey Epstein “Dead of Suicide’ - Bill Clinton and Prince Andrew Implicated  6 views:  @  Ho  ® SHARE  =p SAVE  alle  Why golly gee, how convenient for Bill Clinton and Prince Andrew that Epstein is dead??  HmmMmmMmhMmMm!  Share and spread our links far and wide! 
 
Hib 
 
YAHOO! Qoresidentiatatert.us on page 1  Qrresicentiatatert.us on page 1 Gg DuckDuckGo@ presidentiatalert.us on page 1  Google  Page 2 of about 35,100,000 results (0.31 seconds]  )  b presidential alert ao Ss  Google  presidential alert  presidential alert  presidential alert |  presidential alert  ==]  x]  Google  The first FEMA Presidential Alert just hit phones across the US - The ...  What Is the “Presidential Alert” Popup uri row Phone Today?  an  Videos  News  +  +  Images  Maps  ‘Shopping  I  My saves  Web  Images Videos News Maps  Settings +  QaAl  B Images  © News  DB) Videos Shopping  # More  Settings  Tools  tips swe theverge.conv...fema-presklentia-alert-test-reminder-trump-public-alert-  ttps:zawwethowtogeek.conv...whalis-the-“presklentiat alert” popup-on-your-phone.  Web  Images  Video  News  More ~  Anytime ~  (Oct 3, 2018 - Update 2:38PM ET: The FEMA test Presidential Alert waming successfully out at  Oct 3, 2018 - Your cell phone will receive a national alert today, October 3, at around 2:18 pm ET.  fs  QaAl  B Images  © News  DB) Videos Shopping  # More  Settings  Tools  3  453,000 Results  ‘Any tine ~  Safe Search: Moderate ¥  2:18PM ET to phones across the country, right on schedule. As expected, the alert followed the  was originally named the Personal Localized Alerting Network (PLAN), was later renamed the  AllRegions +  AnyTime >  About 35,100,000 results (0.43 seconds)  existing emergency alert systems on existing smartphones, with the regular tone — although the  Commercial Mobile Alert System (CMAS), and is now finally the WEA. ... EAS: The Emergency Alert  i  ‘Asso try: presidential alert on cell phone, presklential alert meme  The alert is the first nationwide test of the  ‘System  ‘What to Know About Wednesday's Presidential Alert | Time  “  Presidential Alert: 7 Things to Know About Today's Trump Text ...  ¥  presidential afert test, FEMA  in an advisory,  What to Know About Wednesday's Presidential Alert | Time  “THIS {S A TEST of the National Wireless  Researchers Send Fake Presidential Alerts to Stadium of 50,000 ...  time.conv5400574/presidentiat alert-donaki-trump.  T hmps:/time.com/5400574/presidential-alert-donald-trump-fera/  +  htips:“Anvestorplace.com > Stock Picks » Hot Stocks +  ‘The Presidential Alert — also known as the Integrated Public Alert and Waming System (PAWS) —  which allows the president to address the nation in the  Emergency Alert System. No action is needed,” the  htips:t/gtzmodo.comvresearchiers-send-fake-presidential alerts to-stadium-of- 1835806.  FEMA sends test of ‘Presidential Alert’ system to cellphones of millions ..  is anew take on the country’s existing emergency waming systems.  event of a national emergency. Using the Wireless  ‘The Presidential Alert - also known as the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System  “presidential alert,” managed by the Federal  Jun 24, 2019 - Researchers figured out a way to exploit the system that sends presidential emergenc; https: /vanw.flbcnews, conv... fema-sends-test-presklentiat alert-system-celiphones 10  +  Oct 3, 2018 - A presidential alert is being sent to most cellphones across the U.S. today at 2:18 p.m.  EDT. The goal is to see if we all get the Trump text.  Emergency Alert (WEA) system, anyone with cell service  (IPAWS} - is new take on the country’s existing emergency warning systems.  Emergency Management Agency, appeared on  alerts to our phones, simulating their method on a 50,000 seat football stadium in Colorado with 290 Oct 3, 2018 - Millions of cellphones across the U.S. buzzed at 2:18 p.m. ET on Wednesday in the first  Feel-Good results for presidential alert  should receive the message to their phone. sep 152018  Page 1?  ‘smartphones at 2:18 p.m. EDT. The aim of the alert  percent success rate. Researchers a the University of Colorado Boulder published a paper  test of the new “Presidential Alert” wireless waming system,  It was soon followed by a more  familiar test — the Emergency Alert System test on televisions and radios.  FEMA sent the alert as  Presidential Alert - National Wireless Emergency Alert  The IPAWS National Test | FEMA.gov  is to wam Americans about national emergencies,  the  FEMA to send its first ‘Presidential Alert’ in emergency messaging s...  and it works like weather or Amber alerts. oc3, 2018  Emergency presidential alert texts could be faked, researchers say ...  presidentiaialert.us! ¥  techarunch.conv2018/09/15ffema-to-sendits first presidential-alert in-emergency-messaging-syste  ® hnps:/werwfema.goviemergency-slert-test  Presidential Wireless Alert System. Alert History. Wednesday October 3rd, 2018. THIS IS A TEST of  tips:zwwe.cnet. conv... Jemergency-presklentiat alerts coukl-be-faked-cu-boukler-res,  +  Some cell phones will not receive the test message, and cell phones should only receive  the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No Action is  ists anower neiptr? Mgt  the message once. The WEA test message will have a header that reads "Presidential  Presidential alert: Twitter reacts to Donald Trump, FEMA test alert  Jun 20, 2019- US presidential alerts sent out as nationwide emergency text messages could be  ‘Opt out of FEMA presidential alerts? You can't, and here's why that’s  tips zawwet usatoday.convstorymews/poliics/... presklentiat ater/1513317002/  vulnerable to hacks, according to researchers at the University of Colorado Boulder. ... Wireless  {itips:zawwetfastcompany.conv.. /opt-out-of-fema-presklentiatalerts-you-cant-and fier.  +  Alert" and text that says: "THIS IS A TEST of the National Wireless Emergency Alert  Yahoo News  MSN News  Yahoo News  Emergency Alerts (WEA) are geographically targeted messages that alert mobile users in the US  (Oct 3, 2018 - The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has been telling us for a while now  PEOPLE ALSO ASK  System. No action is needed"  © About Featured Snippets  M™ Feedback  about missing  that it plans to conduct a national test of the Wireless Emergency Alerts (WEA), specifically the  ‘Saturday Night Live’  Nicklaus congratulates  The Netflix Movies To  Get Excited For In 2019  “Presidential Alerts” that are part of the established WEA system.  Unlike President Donald  ‘Spoofs Presidential  Tiger for receiving  What to know about Wednesday's presidential alert?  Trump's  Alert (Watch)  Presidential Medal of  Presidential Alert - National Wireless Emergency Alert  ‘Presidential Alert’ Goes to Millions of Cellphones Across the U.S. ...  Freedom  People also ask  What could the Presidential alert be used for?  © presidentialalertus  itips:zawwernytames.conv2018/10/03/usipresidentiatatert-trump. «itm  Oct 3, 2018 - At 2:18 p.m. Eastem on Wednesday, cellphones across the United States emitted the  Trump Is About To Send His First "Presidential Alert" Right To Your ...  Presidential Wireless Alert System. Alert History. Wednesday October 3rd, 2018 THIS IS A  What is a Presidential Emergency Alert?  What is a national emergency alert?  TEST of the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No Action is needed.  ‘ominous ring of an emergency presidential alert.  tips swe buzzieednews. conv... trump-4s-about-to-send -tis-first-emergency-presie.  +  The IPAWS National Test | FEMA.gov  SA  Has there ever been a presidential Alert?  Oct 2, 2018 - The Federal Emergency Management Agency will test the new system, which allows  wow. fema.govlemergency-alerLtest v  What és IPAWS alerts?  Presidential Alert - xkcd  ‘Trump to send a message to every phone in the US.  ‘Some cell phones will not receive the test message, and cell phones should only receive the  itips:tinked.conv1435 ©  message once. The WEA test message will have a header thet reads "Presidential Alert” and text  How does the presidential alert work?  that says: "THIS IS A TEST of the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No action is needed.”  What to Know About Wednesday's Presidential Alert | Time  Presidential Alert. |< - < Prey - Random - Next > - >|. Permanent link to this comic: https:ixked.com  What Is a Presidential Alert? FEMA's Wireless Emergency Text ...  https: fime.comé400574ipresidential-alect-donaldirump-fema ~  (Oct 03, 2018 - The Presidential Alert — also Inown as the Integrated Public Alert and Waring  What is a presidential alert on cell phone?  11435/ Image URL (for hotlinking/embedding)  htips::Awe newsweek.com > U.S. > FEMA > Twitter> Trump > Wireless  (Oct 3, 2018 - President Donald Trump's first-ever Presidential Alert went out Wednesday atemioon,  Presidential Alert - National Wireless Emergency Alert  ‘System (PAWS) — is anew take on the country's existing emergency waming systems.  presientiaialert.us +  Wireless Emergency Alerts - Wikipedia  and those who weren't expecting it found themselves  Presidential Wireless Alert System. Alert History. Wednesday October 3rd, 2018 THIS IS A TEST  of the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No Action is needed.  The IPAWS National Test | FEMA.gov  hitips:vien wikipedia orgwikiWireless_ Emergency Alerts +  hitps:ttwrwrw fema.gavfemergency-alerttest »  Presidential alert: Twitter reacts to Donald Trump, FEMA test alert  The  Wireless Emergency Aletts is an alerting network in the United States designed to disseminate  #presidentialalert hashtag on Twitter  ‘Some cell phones will not receive the test message, and cell phones should only receive the  tips zawwet usatoday.convstorymews/poliics/... presklentiat ater/1513317002/  first national test of a mandatory Presidential alert was held on October 3, 2018 at 2:18 PM EDT as  htips:twitter commashtagipresidentiaialerttang=en +  message once. The WEA test message will have a header that reads “Presidential Alert” andltext  Oct 3, 2018 - “THIS IS A TEST of the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No action is  patt of a national periodic test (NPT) of  The dam president waming us! Bumhouse about to get ran upt'm Telling y‘all Bumhouse the one and  that says: “THISIS A TEST of the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No adion is needed”  needed,” the “presidential alert,” managed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, appeared  only move on a Thursday and we are all the way up for  Wireless Emergency Alerts - Contact Us - Best Pradices.  on smartphones at 2:18 p.m. EDT. The aim of the alert is to wam Americans about national  ‘emergencies, and it works like weather or Amber alerts.  Researchers Sent a Fake, Unblockable Presidential Alert to a Stadium ...  Presidential Alert - National  htips::Aww digitattrends. commobée/fake-inblockable-presidentiat alert-stadiunv ¥  less Emergency Alert  Presidentiaalertus +  Jun 24, 2019- A group of researchers was able to successfully send out fake, unblockable  Presidential Wireless Alert System. Alert History. Wednesday October 3rd, 2018 THISIS A TEST of  presidential alerts to phones in a 50000-seat football stadurn,  0  ie National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No Adon s needed. Opt Out of Presklentia  pits  fm  f  bet  Ho  b  Mm  aherts 
 
HBO 
 
1  Ia  led 
 
at  SS  ge  ron  a  ="  /rj/watchpeopledie 
 
“Ina  ered  Chief Technology Correspona. 
 

 

 

 
a  a 
 

 

 
- 
 
| A 
 

 
~4  a  2 oN  ar  ” iF eaeemtcniataane  -  .- 
 
=~  A  ~ 
 

 
= 
 

 
-  AN 
 
YOUR LACK OF PLANNING  DOES NOT CONSTITUTE  AN EMERGENCY FOR ME 
 

 
\ 
 

 

 
. 7 
 
-  ~  - 
 
ONE SPLAYED OPEN  CHICKEN .A FEW CRAB LEGS  AND A SAUSAGE TAIL BAKE AT  400 DEGREES FOR 60 MINUTES 
 
1 
 

 
“+ 
 
-_ 
 

 
a 
 
_—  sty 
 
Ernest Borg 9 
 
Bs 
 
- 4  “ 
 

 
ae  te. 
 

 

 

 

 
NA 
 
| cs men  “  a  &  ~~  ~ 
 
. 7 
 
—— 
 
Biden: Hmm... hair... should |?  Hillary: If he fucking touches me  uf 
 

 

 
|  AZ  A BO0Y MASSAGE?  fs | 
 
GET YOUR KNEES FLEXIN'  AND YOUR ARMS T- REXIN' 
 
BIDEN  YOUR BOOBS 
 
BIDEN  YOUR BOOBS 
 
Truth is, she was  actually that far  from being first  lady.......  ‘  .  ‘ 
 
oo. 
 
WHEN YOU PULL HIS STRING  HE WILL GIVE A PLAGIARIZED SPEECH 
 
BIDEN  YOUR BALLS 
 
BIDEN  2020 
 
LOvETAMP  —_  LOVE... CHAIR  w  f  ~  ‘  |  I LOWE AMERICA , I LOVE HAI  R 
 
TFW JOE BIDEN IS ALSO  WAITING AT THE BUS STOP 
 

 
2  il  AS IZEO SIO ENE  a  CROWDS _  ESTIMATES  MAY 7 - HENDERSON, NV: 50-100  MAY 4 - COLUMBIA, SC: 250-300  MAY 1 - DES MOINES, IA: 400  MAY 1 - IOWA CITY, IA: 75  APRIL 30 - DUBUQUE, IA: 250+  APRIL 30 - CEDAR RAPIDS, IA: 150+  I  Watters)  EAART MNS OF TALLER  GOB TRUIAP ADRMIN IN 2017, FOR 
 
1. UH... HAVE A GREAT AND POWERFUL REPORT  oa  PAY NO ATTENTION TO ITS  ORIGINS. BIAS, AND OMISSIONS 
 
I'M NOT SAYING THERE |  WAS A CRIME  I'M SAYING YOU CAN'T PROVE  THAT THERE WASN'T A CRIME 
 
MUELLER  BINGO  Outside  Not  What  Can You  Was  My  Getting  Repeat  The  Purview  Into  That?  That  Question?  Something  Can’t  Something | Get Into  Purview  That  |e  om EE  jon |S  Won’t  Can’t  Little  Get Into  Get Into | (Xanax  Slower  That  It  Break)  Still  Refer to  Outside  The  Affirmative  My  be  Purview | Report 
 
YOU CAN'T BE ACCUSED  OF LYING UNDER OATH  IF YOU'RE NOT SPEAKING UNDER OATH 
 
tra not going  40 get into that  stion  ur que’  a  y)  CAN YOU REPEAT THATS ‘  NX  FE - CLARK TR 
 
VIOLETS'ARE BL  MUELLER|HAS NOTHING  AND  KNOW, THATIES TRUE  — 
 
Michael Tracey @  @  @mtracey  Follow v  The pro-Mueller ralliers in Times Squ  have distributed this songbook. They are  currently leading a mass singalong.  Please read these lyrics  PM - 4 Apr 2019  12Retweets a7lkes OEQ OOOO 
 
Maste x  NOT EXONERATED  FOR PRODUCING  SEMI-AUTOMATIC  WEAPONS OF  DEMOSTIC  TERRORISM 
 
—_ £ eo f&.  ee  tm  ame  ~ Wie. pan Se oon  bee YN  ay  “  eeoeee  “,  election night tweet from New York City  FUCK flyover country. . 7  ~  Patriots have PRIDE.  Patriots have LOVE.  UNITED NOT DIVIDED  Flags out?  Q 3276 
 

 
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY PLATFORM  Ray  |  IN asinett IMAGE 
 
xk kKk Kk *  x kKKk Kk  x * * * * * DP __  xkxkwkKwek Kw *  x kkk 
 
Vad  a’ NG  4 hi 
 

 
-MFW REDDIT QUARANTINES ME  /  g- 
 
“LALMOST—ALMOST—PITY THE  DARKNESS. SO MUCH EFFORT TO REACH US.  ENTIRE RACES OF CREATURES CONSUMED  DEPLOYED MANY LIGHT-YEARS FROM THEIR  WITH A HUNGER FOR THE LIGHT, OR  HOMES. ALL HERE, AT OUR DOORSTEP, WAITING  TO TEAR DOWN WHAT WE HAVE BUILT.” - ZAVALA  THIS IDEA IS UNDER  QUARANTINE  WHETHER WE WANTED  ITOR NOT, WE'VE STEPPED  INTO A MEME WAR WITH THE  DNC ON THE INTERNET. SO  LET'S GET TO TAKING OUT  THEIR CANDIDATES, ONE BY ONE. 
 
—<--s@p 
 
e  Cea  in ©  SIGN  Q Search Red  UP  = |  | - |  NO THANK YOU 
 
7S  \  /  IF WE CAN SAVE THE DONALD,  YOU CAN BE DAMN SURE WE'LL AVENGE IT 
 

 
OH NO HE DIDNT Great)  ‘subrined 1 day ogo by WH_buider  ‘S5zcomments save hide report  +  Carlos Maza @ @gaywonk - 18h  Reddit aims to have an explicit policy against calls to violence.  It's shut down subreddits before.  ‘So why hasn't it done anything about the “The_Donald,” the largest pro-Trump  subreddit, which is ittered with calls to violence?  A pro-Trump subreddit is full of calls for violence ...  ‘A pro-Trump subreddit is full of calls for violence in  support of Oregon Republicans  mediamatters.org  Ou  tl «6  om  8  sorted by: top -v  4 Hitetpiiobeter 1 pont day ago  +  permalink save edit disable inbox repkes delete reply 
 

 
HI FOLKS, BERNIE SANDERS HERE FOR LIFE ALERT  ae  I;  | HAD FALLEN, BUT | DID GET UP THANKS TO LIFE ALERT!  AND NOW THOSE SHOWER DOOR BASTARDS ARE GONNA PAY! 
 
ADMITS HEIS A MILLIGNAIRE THANKS TO CAPITALISM  _,  STILL WON'T BUY A COMB 
 
NOT ONLY WILL! REWEAL IF ALIENS EXIST  THEIR FREE RIDE IS OVER  AND THEY WILL BE TAXED AT 70% 
 
THE LEFT  FAILED IDEAS THAT HAVE NEWER WORKED  PUSHED BY  FAILED PEOPLE THAT HAVE NEVER WORKED 
 
GET WELL SO°N  |  NADS - 
 
THAT FACE WHEN YOUR HEARING RUNS LONG  a  —  AND THEN YOU FIND OUT THE CAFETERIA SOLD OUT OF  CHOCOLATE PUDDING AGAIN 
 
/!  vy 
 
FUN FACT: vou cm MEASURE GOWT THREATS  te.  “N  _; CONSTITUTIONAL  =  CRISIS  SEVERE  x!  HIGH  U D6  i  Ben  ELEVATED  GUARDED  LOW  BY WHERE JERRY NADLER WEARS HIS BELT ON  ANY GIWEN DAY 
 
PROPER APPLIGATION  OF THE LAW DICTATES THAT  THERE WAS HO PROSEGUTABLE  COLLUSION OR OBSTRUCTION.  ~  A  i  i  “, 
 
SUPER BRANCH POWERS ‘ACTIVATE!  SHAPE OF  RIDICULOUS  TREASONOUS  ‘FORM OF  BULLSHIT  aK  OBSTRUCTION 
 
SUPER BRANCH POWERS ‘ACTIVATE!  a  SHAPE OF  RIDICULOUS  TREASONOUS  ‘FORM OF  BULLSHIT  rrr  OBSTRUCTION 
 

 
Ve AM  K  a  sAOWN  aananan_asas——SS SE,  ——  —  <a  —  =  =  => 
 
1 dead. several injured in Colerado  school shooting — live updates  1  f ¥ G  re 
 
ANTIQUE ROADSHOW 2024  SECOND GREAT MEME WAR. CONFIRMED. 
 
Aes  ae  pee  He  ors  gy  eu RE SN  yout  en ot  spinor 
 
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY PLATFORM  Ray  |  IN asinett IMAGE 
 
Truth is, she was  actually that far  from being first  lady.......  ‘  .  ‘ 
 
#  4  a th  =~ 
 

 
Google | paul joseph watson youtube channel  Q All  @ videos) News  B tmages  D Shopping  More  ‘Settings  Tools  About 10,400,000 resuits (0.67 seconds)  Paul Joseph Watson Spreads Fear. London is Not a ****** - YouTube  ‘ntips:/twwa youtube. commwatch?v=JENz0_9wOnl  Jul 9, 2019 - Uploaded by BastvViki  Paul Joseph Watson is wong. ... There are a number of American channels  that point out these same things  MY IMPRESSION- Paul Joseph Watson - YouTube  https: were. youtube. comwatctr2y-KhS69eyoGY +  dom 10, 2019 - Get tickets to my NEW LIVE SHOW hitps://waw facebook.conypgiriendiyjordies!  ‘events/ MAROOCHYDORE (JUN 19) TOOWOOMBA (JUN 20)  Alex Jones, Milo Yiannopoulos, Paul Joseph Watson and ... - YouTube  ttps:/trew. youtube. comwatchv=KiA4nQzma7E  dum 2, 2019 - Uploaded by Bulldog hfindset  ‘Alex Jones, Mido Yiannopovios, Paul Joseph Watson and Others  Tete  tc  speech’, THEN youll have to  Paul Joseph Watson - Wikipedia  hittps:/fen wikipedia orgwiki/Paul_Joseph_Watson +  Paul Joseph Watson is an English YouTube personality, racbo host, writer and conspiracy ... Since  2011, Watson has hosted his own YouTube channel, prisonplanetine, fom which he expresses his  ews on topics such as contemporary  Total views: 390 mition  Years active: 2011-present {as a YouTuber)  Residence: London, Engand Subscribers: 1.67 mition  When you search "paul joseph watson youtube channel" on Google it ...  {itips:stwwer reddit. comvr/.../cqhfk4fwhen_you_search_paui_joseph_watson_youtube/ +  2 days ago - This sub is dedicated to promoting ethics in journalism, and oppasing censorship and  poliical correctness.  Paul Joseph Watson - RationalWiki  https: /frationatwiki orgéwikPaul_Joseph_Watson >  ‘Aug 2, 2019 - Paul Joseph Watson (PJW or Pyjama Watso) is an at-ite English ... As of May 8,  2019, his YouTube channel has 1.6 milion subscribers and  Paul Joseph Watson - IMDb 
 
ws  AV 
 
THE_BONALD'S  BEN MOTEER  TAN  -  --  a5  Woe  .  LL  ft  a  =~  Pe  Dozens of Christians Slaughtered By Muslim  =_=  \Maliants - Medi Blackout | Neon Nettle  Why did @Disney rehire this pervert?  meme enine  toa comet  putter Onno no  (Copy ame fa es 0 cs wo ay wr  eal Reet fe pect tein te am  Prmeenecinet  hen sree  Were teere toe ee  Sareea 
 
THANKS THESDONALD  FOR PROVING COPS:  LIVES DO MATTER 
 
Mia  Can we get some hes  J  ‘over here r/The_Donald 
 
(  Z  ie  x  _F  ~~ 
 
MAKE AMER] CA  AT AGAT IN  taf  xe iy  aes  VV 
 
MANE Ate iy ‘  CORRAL  CATS  WARE ET jee 1  ORE AGayy  ID  VV  LV  ne  KE aM Ric ‘  ID  VV  LV 
 
@ reddit  ancl  ith  suet  ated  i  up  PSH  Get Reddit Premium  The_Donald  GREED 769,923 readers  son in @ 258,551 users here now  Show my flair on this suly  It looks like:  for  lordniget (ed  Oe  OME  769,959 readers  lim  @ 389,144 users here now  Welcome to the forum of choice for The  President of The United States, Donald  ‘Shew mylar an this subreddit ft leele  YuuuuugeMushroemCeck [  (eit  Trump!  Be advised this forum is for serious  Welcome to the forum of choice for The President  supporters of President Trump. We have  of The United States, Donald Trump!  discussions, memes, AMAs, and more. We  Be advised this forum is for serious supporters of  are not politically correct. Please read and  President Trump. We have discussions, memes,  respect our rules below before contributing}  AMAs, and more. We are not politically correct.  Please read and respect our rules below before 
 
e  Cea  in ©  SIGN  Q Search Red  UP  = |  | - |  NO THANK YOU 
 
SMOLLETIS  ANIIDIOT!  ITS SAD,THAT;  ITPROBABLY,  WOULD BE A GOOD  WAY,TO GET: A RAISE  THE PHRASEIS  USED TO IGNORE  THE OBVIOUS TRUME  DERANGEMENT SYNDROME  MISA  COVER: UP,STRAIGHT,  SPARTY. AND KAMALA  — 
 
Vy  r/The_Donald 
 
SM SHOULD  corr’  RATIO  BE TRU  evil  ie, WORLY  grR0Yt!  Y  LL  om  FMS - CLARK TR 
 

 

 
Posted by u/FionaAtWork 222 Sie RoR SERRE MISA 12 hours ago  Dog scared.of men - ahd my trans wife  Tkpovethere Isa. dog teaining'sub; but Tdprft want to getjnto trays stuff ine sub  that Isn't far trahsrqueer people,  My wife and I have had our tog far years, Foc 2.5.of those years, my wife still  ideritified.as male. Gur dog hax always been.a /itHe-bit-scared of rnen, and  strongly préfetfed affection froth worttah, My wife has béen on HRT for 5 iidnths.  now. This moiriing she-was very depressed and crying, She sald-she was upset  ‘over several things, but Gneof the things she inelitioned was the tiog being  afraid of her, We know the dog ts aftaitof men, so tHe dog deing stated of my  wife is invalidating.  Wé adore olsreag afid rehoming Het Is idk art optinh we will consider, What  makesa dog identifymy wife as "male"? Is Jt.a scent thiug?. Will thar change.as  herhormenes stabilize? Has-atiyone else gone through this? How did you make te  better? Thank you for your advice in adyarice: 
 
To other post op girls out there, does this book normal for about 10 days post  op™(woried) NSFW Gorse)  smbwoed 1 iy ago by Give Themis  > by Genes  -  —  Everything is it super swatte, but fm realy worried about how gaping this  fooks(maybe ripped stitches?). Has anyone had similar tooking results at any point  {a your recovery and stil ended up with decent ooking results? Any encouragement  ‘would be appreciated.  NSFW  yale Zicommenis stare sow hide port  __ 
 

 

 
i  th  olla  ea  at  or  ia  |  carte |  eyes  as  _  wae  mre  ae  vtvt  np jtsr  i"  qs 
 
ell MetroPCS >  10:17 PM  oa  <  What do you do to handle pregnancy  dysphoria? (mtf)  I'm questioning at the moment, carrying children is  something I've always kinda wanted to do, One  because you're making a fucking person and that's  awesome, Two because I've always respected my mom  (even though she's kinda transphobic), Three  because  lfindpreggowomenkindahot...  ‘sorry, Finally because  it's a thing that is commonly associated with being a  woman (Sorry if this offends trans men, I'm new to all  this). I'm just wondering if there are ways that you  peeps deal with it. I've seen fake bellies online so |  assume some people must have done something with  that.  One last thing, is real pregnancy ever going to be an  option for trans women? I'm 15 now, say | do transition  and want to have kids in my 30's what are the odd  things will have progressed to that point? I've heard  about uterine transplant in Cis women and male rats,  but nothing about trans women besides "keep your  hopes up".  Edit: my main question is still how do you deal with  dysphoria generated by the fact you can't be pregnant  ees  m4  it; Share  © Award  Cen 
 
OLIVIA ® HILL  |  ha  HW  1  "1  Di + emcee Aa  apping hs eatery  ve dagen. Ar han dg etc ae cone wa tata  sowed fora wage.  °  a  oy  urea +  Snedinae  Cyberpunk 2077%s a dystopia because 58  yeats have passed éne boring white men  aren't extinct yet.  romain as  takeese Hie  Edd  on  ne  om  ae  Coe)»  rt  “Explaining to our children about transgender  stuff would be so. hard!”  Fucker please. I came out as trans to my kids  =_-  Tgot 3 "cool, we cain go through puberty  on  together” and 27 hope you Fave fun Iving  You're talking to a transgender transhumanist  asa  T's actually ridiculousty simple if  you Sant ries bigots,  in Tokyo, who has conducted over 100 bodily  eens  modifications on hersalf. Who does  programming for a living between arganizing  for sac  ist and anarchist groups. Please,  carn pone with mayo, tell me how I don't get  the cyberpunk genre,  roan a  stm wit OOOCSOCO  ow  ne  on 
 
A 
 
| can't take it. I've always been SUPER jealous of cis  women who like other cis women. It makes my blood  boil. Ever since | was in middle school I've always felt  threatened by cis women who date other women. | feel  like I'll never be a part of a loving lesbian relationship. |  feel gross when I'm with a woman in my current pre hrt  body.  | can't stand these feelings of intense jealousy and  sadness | want to cry but | can't because T... It's like a  lesbian relationship is something | will never enjoy. 
 
13  +  My early yeats Were ruined and they're never coming back quam  submitted 3 months ago by  [BBS  lan. i  a eres  T5218)  I'm distraught at the fact.that I never got to present female growing up, and that all the female rites of  passage I missed are completely gone, and so js. being treated like my correct gender while growing up  I really like that mischief I used to get into. with my friends in grade school, I Kinda liked some parts of the  experiences of being a kid (knowing that I never had to pay fer anything, plan very much, and it would take  A LOT to get mé anywhere néar expelled, which would give me the leéway to fuck around a bit), but the sad  thing is, I wasn't a girl throughout all of it. 1 would kill to. be able to go through grade school again, I’d_  strangle my fuckin  to death if it meant that I get to redo childhood from start to finish, but being  treated as a girl.  People always say to live in the present, but that’s not easy. My present is bleak.and boring, no school, ne  work, io trarisporation, né family, ho car, just nothirigness and a computer. I will Rever bé.a kid again, J will  never  t to be a high school  inl, No one will ever cengratulate me for coming out, no one will cheer me on  when.I come out. Childho  is an unforgettable experience, arid if you don’t have it, you'ré left scarred for  life. Trying to build myself a happy life is hard without me growing up as a girl, it’s like trying to build a house  ona broken foundation that covers half the space, the house is gonna fucking fall apart  I’m not sure if there’s some sort of experimental therapy that can deal with this, but na one has been able to  do anything that helps. I’ve had therapy from at least six different therapists, I've tried meds, and I'vé tried  talking to everyone in my family. Nething has ever worked  I still fee] like shit after all that, and it’s because I lost semething that can’t be replaced, golden years o}  life, me  ing to be a little girl, and be a réal loli, and slowly blossém into a young warnart... these are  fucking gone, I'm a husk with no histery, no happy memories, no emotion but sadness... nothing  College wan’t be the same, no dne’s gonna get into mischief in class, we'll have no ‘common enemy since we  all aren't forced te. be there, there will be no carefree, childlike fun, I won’t.have any group of friends, I won't  be able to get into-all my ofd pranks and stuff... it will be just another reminder of thé void in my héart.  Everyone says college will give me the experience I'm craving, but that too, is bullshit; it’s nothing like. how  middle/high school was for me, ard it wor’t ever be. They're as distinct as néon pink and onyx, they’re  nething alike, and two entirely detached chapters:  The only thing that will EVER, EVER change anything is to be able to grow up as:2 girl, that’s the only  solution. I want te be a kid again, I want to éxperiénce these things properly, not with my shitty mother  using conversion therapy tactics on me, and not with my family shunning me. I want to be aliowed to  experience these thirgs as a girl, I want to be treated like a git] by my parents instead of being treated like a  boy.  The moment I took that GED, was the tay I sealed my fate arid made sure I'll never get closure. No one can  fill this hole in me. Only a time machine would solve it. I just want another chance, and I'd do anything for  one. I want a solution, I need something. Even if it’s. a severe case of amnesia that makes, me forget the last  18 years of my life, then so be it. I just need a selution other than crying, I feel like shit. I have no desire to:  shower, ail I arn Is a walking husk that plays vidéo garties, eats, drinks, sleeps. I’m nothing more. I can’t  even muster the energy to put away the clothes that have been in a suitcase for 3 weeks. I have nothing  Make what you will of this. If you're foolish enough to want to help (or you can’t help it because of your  nature), just know it’s impossible. If a mental health professional can’t help me, there's nothing that cari 
 
> 
 

 
‘seth rich]  fipsey hussle|  +)  seth richards  nipsey hussio  sof; richardson  nipsey hussis funeral  seth richarde-shublk  nipsey hussle kide  nipsey hussie lauren london  ‘seth richarde Impiue  nipsey hussie wife  nipsey hussle death  . , Sera  fipsey hussle memorial  Raper heneroyriaie rocco  nipsey hussle brother  nipsey hussie live  nipsey hussie sleter  \ aerprenins proctor} 
 
/t/The_Donald  O Cc  HOT  The_Donald  The_Donald  /r{[The_Donald  ©  @thedonaldreddit  Hey, it's The_Donald's 4th Birthday!  Years ago the failing @nytimes said we were running out of  steam. That didn't happen, so they had to Quarantine us!  Still won't work!  8:46 AM - Jun 27, 2019 - Twitter Web Client  20 Retweets  147 Likes  )  tl  go  J @jcorrigan22 - 11m  Replying to @thedonaldreddit and @nytimes  Happy Birthday Pedes! No Brakes  7)  a)  QO 3  Ww  t 
 
Hib 
 
Google  Google  ( Q trump isa  1  Q Bidenis a  Q trump is a horse in a hospital  Google Search  fm Feeling Liucky  fm Feeling Liucky  Report inappropriate predictions  Google  Google  sanders is a  sanders is a millionaire  ( Q Kamala is a  Q kamala is a cop  is sanders a democrat  is sanders a registered democrat  Google Search  fm Feeling Liucky  sanders is the frontrunner  Report inappropriate predictions  bemie sanders is a millionaire  bemie sanders is a democrat  ‘Google Search  Vea Feeling Lucky 
 
WHAT IF THE INSIDERS COMING  TO JAMES O'KEEFE FROM GOOGLE  4  ARE BEING SENT THERE BY GOOGLE 
 
YAHOO! Qoresidentiatatert.us on page 1  Qrresicentiatatert.us on page 1 Gg DuckDuckGo@ presidentiatalert.us on page 1  Google  Page 2 of about 35,100,000 results (0.31 seconds]  )  b presidential alert ao Ss  Google  presidential alert  presidential alert  presidential alert |  presidential alert  ==]  x]  Google  The first FEMA Presidential Alert just hit phones across the US - The ...  What Is the “Presidential Alert” Popup uri row Phone Today?  an  Videos  News  +  +  Images  Maps  ‘Shopping  I  My saves  Web  Images Videos News Maps  Settings +  QaAl  B Images  © News  DB) Videos Shopping  # More  Settings  Tools  tips swe theverge.conv...fema-presklentia-alert-test-reminder-trump-public-alert-  ttps:zawwethowtogeek.conv...whalis-the-“presklentiat alert” popup-on-your-phone.  Web  Images  Video  News  More ~  Anytime ~  (Oct 3, 2018 - Update 2:38PM ET: The FEMA test Presidential Alert waming successfully out at  Oct 3, 2018 - Your cell phone will receive a national alert today, October 3, at around 2:18 pm ET.  fs  QaAl  B Images  © News  DB) Videos Shopping  # More  Settings  Tools  3  453,000 Results  ‘Any tine ~  Safe Search: Moderate ¥  2:18PM ET to phones across the country, right on schedule. As expected, the alert followed the  was originally named the Personal Localized Alerting Network (PLAN), was later renamed the  AllRegions +  AnyTime >  About 35,100,000 results (0.43 seconds)  existing emergency alert systems on existing smartphones, with the regular tone — although the  Commercial Mobile Alert System (CMAS), and is now finally the WEA. ... EAS: The Emergency Alert  i  ‘Asso try: presidential alert on cell phone, presklential alert meme  The alert is the first nationwide test of the  ‘System  ‘What to Know About Wednesday's Presidential Alert | Time  “  Presidential Alert: 7 Things to Know About Today's Trump Text ...  ¥  presidential afert test, FEMA  in an advisory,  What to Know About Wednesday's Presidential Alert | Time  “THIS {S A TEST of the National Wireless  Researchers Send Fake Presidential Alerts to Stadium of 50,000 ...  time.conv5400574/presidentiat alert-donaki-trump.  T hmps:/time.com/5400574/presidential-alert-donald-trump-fera/  +  htips:“Anvestorplace.com > Stock Picks » Hot Stocks +  ‘The Presidential Alert — also known as the Integrated Public Alert and Waming System (PAWS) —  which allows the president to address the nation in the  Emergency Alert System. No action is needed,” the  htips:t/gtzmodo.comvresearchiers-send-fake-presidential alerts to-stadium-of- 1835806.  FEMA sends test of ‘Presidential Alert’ system to cellphones of millions ..  is anew take on the country’s existing emergency waming systems.  event of a national emergency. Using the Wireless  ‘The Presidential Alert - also known as the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System  “presidential alert,” managed by the Federal  Jun 24, 2019 - Researchers figured out a way to exploit the system that sends presidential emergenc; https: /vanw.flbcnews, conv... fema-sends-test-presklentiat alert-system-celiphones 10  +  Oct 3, 2018 - A presidential alert is being sent to most cellphones across the U.S. today at 2:18 p.m.  EDT. The goal is to see if we all get the Trump text.  Emergency Alert (WEA) system, anyone with cell service  (IPAWS} - is new take on the country’s existing emergency warning systems.  Emergency Management Agency, appeared on  alerts to our phones, simulating their method on a 50,000 seat football stadium in Colorado with 290 Oct 3, 2018 - Millions of cellphones across the U.S. buzzed at 2:18 p.m. ET on Wednesday in the first  Feel-Good results for presidential alert  should receive the message to their phone. sep 152018  Page 1?  ‘smartphones at 2:18 p.m. EDT. The aim of the alert  percent success rate. Researchers a the University of Colorado Boulder published a paper  test of the new “Presidential Alert” wireless waming system,  It was soon followed by a more  familiar test — the Emergency Alert System test on televisions and radios.  FEMA sent the alert as  Presidential Alert - National Wireless Emergency Alert  The IPAWS National Test | FEMA.gov  is to wam Americans about national emergencies,  the  FEMA to send its first ‘Presidential Alert’ in emergency messaging s...  and it works like weather or Amber alerts. oc3, 2018  Emergency presidential alert texts could be faked, researchers say ...  presidentiaialert.us! ¥  techarunch.conv2018/09/15ffema-to-sendits first presidential-alert in-emergency-messaging-syste  ® hnps:/werwfema.goviemergency-slert-test  Presidential Wireless Alert System. Alert History. Wednesday October 3rd, 2018. THIS IS A TEST of  tips:zwwe.cnet. conv... Jemergency-presklentiat alerts coukl-be-faked-cu-boukler-res,  +  Some cell phones will not receive the test message, and cell phones should only receive  the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No Action is  ists anower neiptr? Mgt  the message once. The WEA test message will have a header that reads "Presidential  Presidential alert: Twitter reacts to Donald Trump, FEMA test alert  Jun 20, 2019- US presidential alerts sent out as nationwide emergency text messages could be  ‘Opt out of FEMA presidential alerts? You can't, and here's why that’s  tips zawwet usatoday.convstorymews/poliics/... presklentiat ater/1513317002/  vulnerable to hacks, according to researchers at the University of Colorado Boulder. ... Wireless  {itips:zawwetfastcompany.conv.. /opt-out-of-fema-presklentiatalerts-you-cant-and fier.  +  Alert" and text that says: "THIS IS A TEST of the National Wireless Emergency Alert  Yahoo News  MSN News  Yahoo News  Emergency Alerts (WEA) are geographically targeted messages that alert mobile users in the US  (Oct 3, 2018 - The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has been telling us for a while now  PEOPLE ALSO ASK  System. No action is needed"  © About Featured Snippets  M™ Feedback  about missing  that it plans to conduct a national test of the Wireless Emergency Alerts (WEA), specifically the  ‘Saturday Night Live’  Nicklaus congratulates  The Netflix Movies To  Get Excited For In 2019  “Presidential Alerts” that are part of the established WEA system.  Unlike President Donald  ‘Spoofs Presidential  Tiger for receiving  What to know about Wednesday's presidential alert?  Trump's  Alert (Watch)  Presidential Medal of  Presidential Alert - National Wireless Emergency Alert  ‘Presidential Alert’ Goes to Millions of Cellphones Across the U.S. ...  Freedom  People also ask  What could the Presidential alert be used for?  © presidentialalertus  itips:zawwernytames.conv2018/10/03/usipresidentiatatert-trump. «itm  Oct 3, 2018 - At 2:18 p.m. Eastem on Wednesday, cellphones across the United States emitted the  Trump Is About To Send His First "Presidential Alert" Right To Your ...  Presidential Wireless Alert System. Alert History. Wednesday October 3rd, 2018 THIS IS A  What is a Presidential Emergency Alert?  What is a national emergency alert?  TEST of the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No Action is needed.  ‘ominous ring of an emergency presidential alert.  tips swe buzzieednews. conv... trump-4s-about-to-send -tis-first-emergency-presie.  +  The IPAWS National Test | FEMA.gov  SA  Has there ever been a presidential Alert?  Oct 2, 2018 - The Federal Emergency Management Agency will test the new system, which allows  wow. fema.govlemergency-alerLtest v  What és IPAWS alerts?  Presidential Alert - xkcd  ‘Trump to send a message to every phone in the US.  ‘Some cell phones will not receive the test message, and cell phones should only receive the  itips:tinked.conv1435 ©  message once. The WEA test message will have a header thet reads "Presidential Alert” and text  How does the presidential alert work?  that says: "THIS IS A TEST of the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No action is needed.”  What to Know About Wednesday's Presidential Alert | Time  Presidential Alert. |< - < Prey - Random - Next > - >|. Permanent link to this comic: https:ixked.com  What Is a Presidential Alert? FEMA's Wireless Emergency Text ...  https: fime.comé400574ipresidential-alect-donaldirump-fema ~  (Oct 03, 2018 - The Presidential Alert — also Inown as the Integrated Public Alert and Waring  What is a presidential alert on cell phone?  11435/ Image URL (for hotlinking/embedding)  htips::Awe newsweek.com > U.S. > FEMA > Twitter> Trump > Wireless  (Oct 3, 2018 - President Donald Trump's first-ever Presidential Alert went out Wednesday atemioon,  Presidential Alert - National Wireless Emergency Alert  ‘System (PAWS) — is anew take on the country's existing emergency waming systems.  presientiaialert.us +  Wireless Emergency Alerts - Wikipedia  and those who weren't expecting it found themselves  Presidential Wireless Alert System. Alert History. Wednesday October 3rd, 2018 THIS IS A TEST  of the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No Action is needed.  The IPAWS National Test | FEMA.gov  hitips:vien wikipedia orgwikiWireless_ Emergency Alerts +  hitps:ttwrwrw fema.gavfemergency-alerttest »  Presidential alert: Twitter reacts to Donald Trump, FEMA test alert  The  Wireless Emergency Aletts is an alerting network in the United States designed to disseminate  #presidentialalert hashtag on Twitter  ‘Some cell phones will not receive the test message, and cell phones should only receive the  tips zawwet usatoday.convstorymews/poliics/... presklentiat ater/1513317002/  first national test of a mandatory Presidential alert was held on October 3, 2018 at 2:18 PM EDT as  htips:twitter commashtagipresidentiaialerttang=en +  message once. The WEA test message will have a header that reads “Presidential Alert” andltext  Oct 3, 2018 - “THIS IS A TEST of the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No action is  patt of a national periodic test (NPT) of  The dam president waming us! Bumhouse about to get ran upt'm Telling y‘all Bumhouse the one and  that says: “THISIS A TEST of the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No adion is needed”  needed,” the “presidential alert,” managed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, appeared  only move on a Thursday and we are all the way up for  Wireless Emergency Alerts - Contact Us - Best Pradices.  on smartphones at 2:18 p.m. EDT. The aim of the alert is to wam Americans about national  ‘emergencies, and it works like weather or Amber alerts.  Researchers Sent a Fake, Unblockable Presidential Alert to a Stadium ...  Presidential Alert - National  htips::Aww digitattrends. commobée/fake-inblockable-presidentiat alert-stadiunv ¥  less Emergency Alert  Presidentiaalertus +  Jun 24, 2019- A group of researchers was able to successfully send out fake, unblockable  Presidential Wireless Alert System. Alert History. Wednesday October 3rd, 2018 THISIS A TEST of  presidential alerts to phones in a 50000-seat football stadurn,  0  ie National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No Adon s needed. Opt Out of Presklentia  pits  fm  f  bet  Ho  b  Mm  aherts 
 
HBO 
 
1  Ia  led 
 
“Ina  ered  Chief Technology Correspona. 
 
TRUST US  WE KNOW WHAT'S  BEST FOR YOU 
 
~  SM  .  i  ace 
 
ay  hy  is Pus  POLICE (  we  sou \  OPEN: UP, "WE'RE FROM  i’  pOLict  beg  HUMAN RESOURCES 
 

 
PRO-CHOICE  aN  *)  PRO-LIFE  WHAT RACE  IS It? 
 

 
This is my daughter.  Her rights  are HUMAN RIGHTS. 
 
Merton ts MURBER.  - 
 

 
fates  von  —e as  pa Saal  aie aoa  —  =S  2  oa  aot  =<  EZ  =  =  eee  2S  =  Come  Sa eae  oa  a  oes  ee ee  —-  i SS Sah ok eg ee ee  aN  =  oe  Ser ON  ery  =<  =<  me  ai  ~.  —_s  =>  ate  ee  roe  ca,  —<  =  =  <Z:  eo  SS  ey,  ors  Ka  Se  Sr Te re  G2  =  J  “=  Ses  Bess  BATS  Serer  ss  an  NPN e en ee  ee  oe eter a  oe  Y  wo  aa  Ray  a  ~<s  a  Paris  me  as  eee  eee  Cao  Bas  -  beta  Salsas  <i  =  ewe  ee  oat  coe  eee  —  =  a AE a Sa te Ne a  ”  eee  aN  = ene  Sore ae .  eae e  INF  a  =  ee  —  =  a  ahs  iy  ——s  scien  7  af  =  =  cee gt aa kom  panna  oe  ie  =  roe  Tom  Gn  Ct  ~  aon  =  4  Ss  ao is  ae  Se es  Sey es  ‘aD ranre oe  re  ar  eee ee  ord  2  7s  eS  px  a  os  Zee  =  rn  rep  Ee  fates  i  oe  Sa  nee  a  Ex  <>  >  it,  ae  Sct  cS  ee  arts  tate  <=  PSE ee  aS  ne  Say  Ned  me  =  See Sy  _—  pegs  =  ES  eee Os  re  —.  =  hd  es  Sram  ms  t=.  xs  0s  os  =  oD  a  cs  ae  ee  ae  ors  >  aes  Nee ee  =  Sone  Ne  35  eo  fe  Ars  ‘sag end  eer  on  rele P be,  &  -  on  ay  hat Bs  <n  ==  ve  g  —  me  aoe  eas  Ge  ort  y Gaye  Be  oR  rs  Sea  tee  Bye  reap ©  ©.  --  eo  En  --  a  =  Te  ae  cai  a  a  Bay &  opts  M  Sea  Ss  wat  rae:  fay  -  FPR |  pO,  =  oe  =  (eka  ay  a  we  Sh  if  Pe  Ha  ao  see  pA  bes  =  Pah ts  Te  vee  ‘ef  gt  wee  Fated  SF  Xo  hot,  ed  —-  ee  an?  Be  oe  a  #  ASO ers  =~  Ne   —  ee  $i]  es  fh  a=  me  x  im  Pree  cin  ant ero esd  ee  rer  am  ay  eke  ies  Sawer  TS  TIX ES  “y  ween  a  7  ah  N  on  res  a aren  eee  a  a  a  -  emer  ved  roma  =.  RERE  wee)  me RE, 
 
SHAUN KING’S  FAMILY  FATHER  MOTHER  BROTHER  ba |  WIKIPEDIA ON  Tweets,  Following  Followers  Likes  lists  83.2K  13K  112M  135K  2  “BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY”  @ |  Tweets  Tweets & re]  lies  Media  IT IS GENERALLY  ® Pinned Tweet  CONSIDERED TO LEAVE OPEN  Shaun King @ @shaunking - Jun 29  ALL AVAILABLE TACTICS FOR  History has taught us that concentration camps should be liberated.  @  THE DESIRED ENDS, INCLUDING  VIOLENCE  We cannot & should not wait until 2020, w/ the hope that we defeat Trump, to  ree these children.  We should liberate them NOW - by any means necessary.  My latest for @Thelntercept.  Tweet to Shaun King  —-  —- 
 
ANTIFA CAN'T BE FASCIST,  THAT'S WHY THEY CALLIT “ANTI” FASCISM  HITLER CALLED HIMSELF A SOCIALIST  AND HIS PARTY “SOGIALST WORKER"  DON'T FASCISTS LIE IN ORDER  TO WIN PUBLIC APPROVAL? 
 
=  =  =  She New York Simes  Opinion  Hate Crime: Gay  mi  ant receives  brain damage from  far-left, domestic  terrorist group  Antifa  There's a reason hate crimes are such a draw for leftist  terrorism: Gay Pride Month.  By Maggie Haberman  Yer. Haberman is an assistant professor of cultural subversion and does contract work for  the CIA overthrowing soverign nations.  June 29, 2019  eee0  GB  PRIDE MONTH  Getty images/istockphoto  Let’s get one thing out of the way: the Muslim refugee shooter, himself  killing 50 worshipers in the Gay Pulse Night Club in Orlando, FL, in  2016 was not being serious when he wrote "Pride Month 4-ever."  Rather, with this statement, the killer was imitating the radical alt-left,  a mainstream far-left wing of the DNC that focuses on a regressive  return to "fundamentalist, simpler times.” When humans had no  conception of "human rights" and were instead voiceless and powerless  to be ruled as surfs under an unquestioned global elite class. This  section of the manifesto is referred to as “trolling” or as “bait” — and it  is both of those things, certainly.  And yet as a scholar of cultural subversion and a professional at  disempowering swaths of proles to enrich and empower my globalist  masters, I do want to talk about the rise of LGBT Hate Crimes. Because  I think it plays a special role as a vector for spreading the messages of  leftist terrorist ideology, which shares ideological fascism akin to those  of ISIS. Where gays can be tossed off of rooftops to purify their spirit.  Where historical artifacts are destroyed because they do not fit their  revisionist narrative. Disempowering people by beating them,  censoring them, silencing them, intimidating them, and subverting  democracy and even nations themselves--often through invasion. One  of their favorite strategies is to import millions of foreigners and tell  the local yokels to, "go fuck themselves.” Leftist terrorists find that  particularly “empowering.” That lead to violence. And I think it’s a  conversation that we can have without taking the bait — because this is  not about the content of the leftist ideology themselves but about the  way the culture that surrounds leftism provides particularly fertile soil  for sowing the seeds of resentment that grow into hate.  Modern university-based recruitment efforts are designed around the  creation of a frictionless pipeline that slowly inoculates potential  converts to hate — like putting a bunch of would-be diversity  proponents in a slowly boiling pot.  Rather than waiting for targets to find them, recruiters go to where  targets are, staging seemingly casual conversations about issues of race  and identity in spaces where lots of disaffected, vulnerable adolescent  minority women tend to hang out. Those who exhibit curiosity about  intersectional feminist talking points or express frustration with the  alt-left’s ideological opponents such as traditional families, freedom of  speech, right to bear arms, and a government that enforces  immigration law activists and “normal white people” are then escorted  through a funnel of increasingly terrorist rhetoric designed to  normalize the presence of leftist terrorist ideology, cultural subversion  and paraphernalia through the use of edgy humor and memes.  Of course, all of this came to a head this past week when leftist  terrorists of the group Antifa could not contain their jizz at the sight of  a minority gay man, a journalist, covering protest events. Antifa is a  globohomo terrorist organization sponsored by other far-left groups in  a loose coalition of nation subverting faggots. Foreign election  meddling occurs when foreign nation states such as Germany, the  ideological rhineland of Antifa, funds and trains domestic terrorists to  infiltrate other sovereign nations and violate their fundamental  principles such as: the right to free speech, and the right to bear arms.  They also seek foreign election meddling to provide votes to foreign  invaders because "citizens" have no rights in the far-left, bizarro clown  world. Honk  Tensions came to a head when Andy Ngo, the gay journalist, who is a  migrant, was beat in the head during Pride Month in Oregon as a  particular affront to human rights. One interviewed Antifa terrorist  stated, “fuck that chink, he's a twink" As he smashed his skull with  concrete and gave poor Andy a brain hemmorage. Andy will now live  his life as a crippled gay minority, but that's okay because the hate is  done under the guise of progress.  The attack occured within inches of Oregon Police, who said, "we don't  intervene, that's not our job.” When pressed what their job was, they  stated, "The mayor tells us to stand down so that the CIA led op of  Antifa terrorists can operate with impunity to bring about their  globohomo version of globalist elite empowerment.” The mayor said,  "yeah fuck citizens, illegals have my vote. I don't work for citizens, I  work for those that pad my coffers. Mostly Chinese foreign  investments, but yeah." He stated what while he “felt bad" for Andy,  that it's a small price to pay for freedom. He stated he was looking  forward to the new cultural revolution, like in Tianamen Square where  jple fighting for rights can be run over into paste by military tanks  all in the name of “progress.”  In posts in the “terrorism” section of the explicitly far-left globalist  message board r/Politics, r/News, and r/WorldNews, participants  circlejerk amongst themselves, mostly sock-puppet accounts, AI bots,  and chinese bloggers in a state run operation to subvert the mind. Ina  hilarious twist, CIA, Chinese intel, Mossad, and the FBI all hurl epitets  at each other pretending to be normal people. The random normie that  walks into that cesspool of mindless brainwashing often has their mind  dissolved by the leftist mind virus within moments.  People with this type of ideology have also taken to creating leftist  terrorist games of their own, like "polar bear hunting” and the “knock  out game" either by creating explicitly neo-Marxist-Communist-  themed modifications of popular titles like Star Wars and Netflix. A few  standouts in the indie category include titles like Ethnic Cleansing,  which allows gamers to play as a fat low-t soi boi Antifa skinhead, and  Muslim Massacre: The Game of Modern Religious Genocide, which  encouraged players to “take control of the DNC and wipe out the white  race.”  Maggie Haberman is an assistant professor of cuftural subversion at Columbia  University in New York and the author of "Alt-Left: Anti-human rights regressives who  are fascist authoritarian globalist cock suckers.”  The Times is committed fo publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We'd like to  hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s  our email: letters@nytimes.com.  Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion)  and Instagram. 
 
a  ae  ‘\  vf 
 
wo  Pas  -  aN  A.  ad  oOoN  —_s  -—  —  “A”  C ca  ae ~~. (  t  SY 
 
"ON  “a  =  <W  Pr  a of  JRTLAND  b  a>,  E ANARCHY.  os  E BEATINGS 
 
Y GD -  Cn  Vv  saira rao @ @sairasameerarao - Aug 12  ©  White people are shooting up mosques.  White people are shooting up synagogues.  White people are shooting up gurdwaras.  White people are shooting up schools.  White people are shooting Black children.  White people are shooting brown children.  © 6.3K  TI 2.8K  QO 8.2K  Ld  t  saira rao @ @sairasameerarao - Aug 12  Vv  ©  White people are shooting Black and brown  adults.  White people are calling the police on Black  people for sitting, standing, breathing.  Police murder Black people for sitting,  standing, breathing.  White America has caged Black and brown  people in concentration camps.  t  © 357  tT 240  QO 733  Ld  Vv  saira rao @ @sairasameerarao - Aug 12  White people are killing us.  Whiteness is killing us.  Yet white people get upset when called white  people. Facebook puts us in jail for using the  term white people. White people,  conservatives, liberals, Democrats,  Republicans, rich, poor, private sector, public  sector,  t  QO 364  TY 218  Q 701  Ly  Vv  saira rao @ @sairasameerarao - Aug 12  religious, agnostic, atheist, Brooklyn, Atlanta,  Mississippi, Denver, San Francisco, North  Dakota continue to steal from us, speak over  us, speak for us, throw us under the bus,  ghost us, talk smack about us.  Whiteness -- ALL WHITENESS -- is killing us.  © 318  Tl 157  QO 628  Ly  *  saira rao @ @sairasameerarao - Aug 12  Vv  ©  Make a banner about Ending Whiteness.  March Against Whiteness. Rally Against  Whiteness. Raise your megaphone Against  Whiteness. Take to the streets Against  Whiteness.  Until and unless we eradicate toxic  whiteness, the violence will never stop.  t  QO 3.1K  TI 294  QO 759  Ld 
 
14 ma [+2]Independent -3 points an hour ago* (last edited 1 hour ago)  ¥ Just so we're clear, we're equating physical violence with Trump's rhetoric? We're equating non-perceivable changes to  the press with brain bleeding?  Gee - I wonder why so many people find it hard to relate to you guys.  Edit 1: Look up and down this thread at the high and mighty moral left VICTIM BLAMING an asian gay conservative's  attempts to exercise his rights. You have no fucking moral high ground. You're all just as blinded by your political  ideologies and "teams" as Trumpkins.  Words will never hurt you.  permalink source embed save save-RES parent report give award reply hide child comments  [1 ERB ett itertarian 1 point 51 minutes ago  Andy Ngo walked into the group of Antifa and if they perceived him as a threat, they beat him up. (this is not the first  time he's done this btw)  there were multiple fights happening, including the patriot prayer/proud boys launching into Antifa with a metal baton  rod, and again they beat the man up. but for some reason Andy is the victim here?  he went looking for trouble, and they didn't just see him and randomly attacked him, he was walking towards them ,  and if they saw that as a threat, wouldn't it make sense for them to defend themselves?  btw there was no Cement in the milkshakes which is a lie that the right has spread far and wide, other people who got  milkshaked confirmed that.  and yes Trump rhetoric is important, as Antifa aren't telling people to attack Journalists, they protect Joumalists.  permalink source embed save save-RES parent report give award reply hide child comments  [a 4 IiateHangovers Republican 1 point 30 minutes ago* (last edited 25 minutes ago)  ¥ He was walking away and still getting assaulted.  I see him punched, then he puts his arm up, someone throws and hits him with something, some guy defends him,  more people with some type of wannabe Mortal Kombat kicks, another antifa guy shoots him with silly string, then a  milkshake, then an egg, then hit in the back at the end with something else. He's already walking away. His hands are  up. This is not self defense. There is no claim to that here. He CLEARLY is in a defensive position and is walking away,  yet still being assaulted from behind.  This is not self defense by any definition  permalink source embed save save-RES parent edit disable inbox replies delete reply hide child comments  fa —zz-.. Libertarian 1 point 25 minutes ago  permalink source embed save save-RES parent report give award reply hide child comments  [a 4 IHateHtangovers Republican 1 point a minute ago  ¥ (Previous post edited for original/longer video)  What happens after he walked into them matters plenty!  Self defense isn't throwing milkshakes, eggs, garbage, silly string, and whatever else at someone. Self defense is  neutralizing a threat.  Law: a person is justified in using physical force upon another person for self-defense or to defend a third person from  what the person reasonably believes to be the use or imminent use of unlawful physical force, and the person  may use a degree of force which the person reasonably believes to be necessary for the purpose.  That video is perfectly clear that there is no use or imminent use of unlawful physical force by Andy. He's retreating.  This likely is a fourth degree assault  permalink source embed save save-RES parent edit disable inbox replies delete reply 
 

 
if  Ne  am  way  erty  — 
 
an  | t  Batis  evden TE  “ pe |  a  |  im  ~ Cay  veal  4]  )  |  ONE OF THIE  Follow  MEMBERS COMITTED A  Central OH SRA  @CentralOHSRA  MASS SHOOTING  Protecting the right of the working class to self  defense |  2 Central OH SRA Retweeted  Central OH SRA @Centr... - Oct 28, 2018  faa Antifa International  Replying to @CentralOHSRA  . vd @antifaintl  Solidarity! Group photo to finish up the day  Concept of the day: stochastic  terrorism: "The use of mass public  communication, usually against a  particular individual or group, which  incites or inspires acts of terrorism  which are statistically probable but  happen seemingly at random."  DAYTON SHOOTER / SOCALIST RIFLE CLUB MEMBER 
 
i  th  olla  ea  at  or  ia  |  carte |  eyes  as  _  wae  mre  ae  vtvt  np jtsr  i"  qs 
 
OLIVIA ® HILL  |  ha  HW  1  "1  Di + emcee Aa  apping hs eatery  ve dagen. Ar han dg etc ae cone wa tata  sowed fora wage.  °  a  oy  urea +  Snedinae  Cyberpunk 2077%s a dystopia because 58  yeats have passed éne boring white men  aren't extinct yet.  romain as  takeese Hie  Edd  on  ne  om  ae  Coe)»  rt  “Explaining to our children about transgender  stuff would be so. hard!”  Fucker please. I came out as trans to my kids  =_-  Tgot 3 "cool, we cain go through puberty  on  together” and 27 hope you Fave fun Iving  You're talking to a transgender transhumanist  asa  T's actually ridiculousty simple if  you Sant ries bigots,  in Tokyo, who has conducted over 100 bodily  eens  modifications on hersalf. Who does  programming for a living between arganizing  for sac  ist and anarchist groups. Please,  carn pone with mayo, tell me how I don't get  the cyberpunk genre,  roan a  stm wit OOOCSOCO  ow  ne  on 
 
A 
 
DEMOCRAT  2020  =a  9) 
 
Trash Queen ‘+ @zxo0x32-:1d  Vv  | thought I’d give Tinder a go but honestly, it’s fully put me  off dating.  w 3Z Kilometres away  Ihave 3 rules..  Rule 1, | don't want to be step dad so no  kids unless u have Just one @@ | want my  OWN thanks  Rules 2, if you date black Boys or think  about It don’t even text me  Rule 3, | don’t want s time waster or  someone who is a bum .. go make your  own money u lazy fucks @  Ihave my own 2 bed flat | bought  | body build  | have a German shepherd  leat a lot  I don’t take shit  -_  © 849  112,121  © 23.2K  Ww  ns  Rachel Hawkins @ @ourrachblogs : 2h  Vv  Hahahahaha why has he dropped his fucking trousers like  he's got something we all want to see. Hahahahaha  © 24  VD  QO 107  Ww  ns  clownworld activist #, @collusionist3 «2h  And you sucking on a bottle in your avi like anyone wants  to see that  Os  ca)  01  Ww  ns 
 
| can't take it. I've always been SUPER jealous of cis  women who like other cis women. It makes my blood  boil. Ever since | was in middle school I've always felt  threatened by cis women who date other women. | feel  like I'll never be a part of a loving lesbian relationship. |  feel gross when I'm with a woman in my current pre hrt  body.  | can't stand these feelings of intense jealousy and  sadness | want to cry but | can't because T... It's like a  lesbian relationship is something | will never enjoy. 
 
13  +  My early yeats Were ruined and they're never coming back quam  submitted 3 months ago by  [BBS  lan. i  a eres  T5218)  I'm distraught at the fact.that I never got to present female growing up, and that all the female rites of  passage I missed are completely gone, and so js. being treated like my correct gender while growing up  I really like that mischief I used to get into. with my friends in grade school, I Kinda liked some parts of the  experiences of being a kid (knowing that I never had to pay fer anything, plan very much, and it would take  A LOT to get mé anywhere néar expelled, which would give me the leéway to fuck around a bit), but the sad  thing is, I wasn't a girl throughout all of it. 1 would kill to. be able to go through grade school again, I’d_  strangle my fuckin  to death if it meant that I get to redo childhood from start to finish, but being  treated as a girl.  People always say to live in the present, but that’s not easy. My present is bleak.and boring, no school, ne  work, io trarisporation, né family, ho car, just nothirigness and a computer. I will Rever bé.a kid again, J will  never  t to be a high school  inl, No one will ever cengratulate me for coming out, no one will cheer me on  when.I come out. Childho  is an unforgettable experience, arid if you don’t have it, you'ré left scarred for  life. Trying to build myself a happy life is hard without me growing up as a girl, it’s like trying to build a house  ona broken foundation that covers half the space, the house is gonna fucking fall apart  I’m not sure if there’s some sort of experimental therapy that can deal with this, but na one has been able to  do anything that helps. I’ve had therapy from at least six different therapists, I've tried meds, and I'vé tried  talking to everyone in my family. Nething has ever worked  I still fee] like shit after all that, and it’s because I lost semething that can’t be replaced, golden years o}  life, me  ing to be a little girl, and be a réal loli, and slowly blossém into a young warnart... these are  fucking gone, I'm a husk with no histery, no happy memories, no emotion but sadness... nothing  College wan’t be the same, no dne’s gonna get into mischief in class, we'll have no ‘common enemy since we  all aren't forced te. be there, there will be no carefree, childlike fun, I won’t.have any group of friends, I won't  be able to get into-all my ofd pranks and stuff... it will be just another reminder of thé void in my héart.  Everyone says college will give me the experience I'm craving, but that too, is bullshit; it’s nothing like. how  middle/high school was for me, ard it wor’t ever be. They're as distinct as néon pink and onyx, they’re  nething alike, and two entirely detached chapters:  The only thing that will EVER, EVER change anything is to be able to grow up as:2 girl, that’s the only  solution. I want te be a kid again, I want to éxperiénce these things properly, not with my shitty mother  using conversion therapy tactics on me, and not with my family shunning me. I want to be aliowed to  experience these thirgs as a girl, I want to be treated like a git] by my parents instead of being treated like a  boy.  The moment I took that GED, was the tay I sealed my fate arid made sure I'll never get closure. No one can  fill this hole in me. Only a time machine would solve it. I just want another chance, and I'd do anything for  one. I want a solution, I need something. Even if it’s. a severe case of amnesia that makes, me forget the last  18 years of my life, then so be it. I just need a selution other than crying, I feel like shit. I have no desire to:  shower, ail I arn Is a walking husk that plays vidéo garties, eats, drinks, sleeps. I’m nothing more. I can’t  even muster the energy to put away the clothes that have been in a suitcase for 3 weeks. I have nothing  Make what you will of this. If you're foolish enough to want to help (or you can’t help it because of your  nature), just know it’s impossible. If a mental health professional can’t help me, there's nothing that cari 
 
xx.asiaaa.xx Yeah, | really did that @ @  skskssss  You can call it Flu Bell ice cream now  ‘cause | was a lil sick last week @@@  Repost yourself doing this with the hashtag  #tinroofchallenge  Let's see if we can start an epidemic (literally)  5h  xx.asiaaa.xx #tinroofchallenge  5h  Reply  allen_james100 U need to get arrested  3h  a  Reply  nix.t.3 | hope you can get arrested (literally) ©  ©  30m_=—s#Reply 
 
SHAUN KING’S  FAMILY  FATHER  MOTHER  BROTHER  ba |  WIKIPEDIA ON  Tweets,  Following  Followers  Likes  lists  83.2K  13K  112M  135K  2  “BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY”  @ |  Tweets  Tweets & re]  lies  Media  IT IS GENERALLY  ® Pinned Tweet  CONSIDERED TO LEAVE OPEN  Shaun King @ @shaunking - Jun 29  ALL AVAILABLE TACTICS FOR  History has taught us that concentration camps should be liberated.  @  THE DESIRED ENDS, INCLUDING  VIOLENCE  We cannot & should not wait until 2020, w/ the hope that we defeat Trump, to  ree these children.  We should liberate them NOW - by any means necessary.  My latest for @Thelntercept.  Tweet to Shaun King  —-  —- 
 
a  ig 
 
1:42  CES Oi ad 89%  °  Q  e  Where's ICE?  Amen Parham  5.0%  &  1 review  Everyone @  ey  1  en  t Pye  OES  or  x  we  1 +:  “se  aj  ra  (meh  des! a4  ~o  ¥  Ji  Sek  Vag  Aas  ata.  +h  BoE  4+  arn  SEE  fo |  es  Rial 74  Where's ICE? "Help illegal Immigrants"  READ MORE  Ratings and reviews  5.0  took tok 
 
Hi, I’m Elijah Cummings. Although I’ve had numerous children with  various women, for years | did not pay child support or even  acknowledge my childrens’ existence.  ¢  wa  —-  Now listen as | self-righteously lecture you on the “mistreatment”  of children whose parents have endangered their lives. 
 
Mexican Pride!  Make America Mexico Again!  Viva MEXICO!  OMG nOaeODe!  This 1s unéaix!  back to  Dent send me ta  MEXICO! OMG  you go.  NOOO!  MY LIFE I8 
 
Watching the ICE deportation raids like  . =  ia  eile |  ~ eee  ——  i}  te 
 
\  ae 
 
Ocasio-Cortez ‘entertaining’ idea of endorsing 2020 Democratic candidate,  possibly Warren or Sanders 
 
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez @  @  @AOC  This was Philadelphia after an oil refinery exploded this  morning.  So... what's that about how climate change isn't an  existential crisis that will disproportionately impact  working class people & burn its way up?  We need a solution on the scale of the crisis:  #GreenNewDeal @  @ hood's favorite vegan @1nicetownbean - 18h  @6abc @CBSPhilly @FOX29philly Philadelphia energy Solutions Refining Complex  at about 4:15 am  Show this thread  a  4:44 am - 22 Jun 2019 - Twitter for iPhone 
 
-MFW REDDIT QUARANTINES ME  /  g- 
 
a 
 

 

 
Veh ae 
 
sIJUST HEARD ABOUT THE NEW  ELMO MOWIE ANAND CAN'T WAIT TO SEE IT!" 
 
THTAINEEOINTS  NY  Mmm grayons  ey)  ADTIBBING  ‘sh 
 
wheres  Breaking down the Berlin  Wall November 9, 1989. 
 
bis 
 
NOT ONLY DID 1 BEAT WATER TO GET MY CONGRESSIONAL SEAT  -—  wa  smartivaies  ure, oriep  sparkling  1liter  SAAS  BUT IT WAS SMART WATER TOO, NANCY. 
 
WHEN I CLOSE MY EYES  YOU PEOPLE CANNOT SEE ME 
 
The Clod Squad  aka ‘The Four Donkeys of  Tho Istamo-Marxist Apocalypse” 
 
A YOU ADDED T00 WUC:  aoe  - =  ai  a=,  nes  — DUR  -~2  lo a  Se  =BAT  SHIT ~  ay  an 
 
76  % @O'4 88%m 7:05 
 
BIG GOVERNMENT  MAHSPLATHIHG  LANDBRIDGES  ACROSS THE OCEANS  LOBSTER MEH VS PSYCHICS 
 
or  So 
 

 
Slobbering Over  Open Borders,  Islamo-Fascists,  Socialism, & Gun  Confiscation. 
 
AY  a 
 

 

 
the three stooges 
 
yy”  ea  r  To Nancy: Thx so much  fo  supporting the Green Dream!  From: AOC, XOXO 
 
&) ®  & Taqnds pphqethiies. Tenge 
 
“Can u believe that dumb  gay cracker Drudge ig  sympathetic to ug?”  “Ag goon ag we're done  fucking up Trump, we can  clean out all the rest of  the Republicans including  hig pasty gay age!” 
 
Andrew Surabian @  @  @Surabees,  Craton) v  Hey @AOC - A friend of mine who works in  the House just sent me this screenshot of  your staff directory from the internal  congressional database.  Contrary to your denial, it lists your boyfriend  as being on your staff. Care to explain why  you appear to be lying?  1:02 PM - 15 Feb 2019  2.213 Retweets 3,867 Likes @SOOOOSSOSO  O 334  Tax Wax 
 
4  BEFORE | TAKE QUESTIONS,  TWILL PREEMPTIVELY  ANSWER THOSE MOST COMMONLY ASKED  %  THE BASELINES ARE 60 FEET. THEY  | PLAY 7 INNINGS. THEY THROW UNDERHAND.  PLAYED BUT IT  LOOKS INTERESTING.  c  WHAT?  HEY TOLD ME  TO EXPECT  SOFTBALL QUESTIONS. 
 
STAND  WITH AGC.  Donate Now  V9 av  121 likes  Paid for by Alexandria Qcasio-Cortez for Congress  It is recommended that new members of Congress  spend up to five hours a day making calls to... more 
 
09 
 
4 \  = 
 
